Configuration files
========

 This files are necessary for proper configuration of the system. Below I describe each file and its importance:
 - properties.txt:  this file contains all properties need to correct work of All In Your Hands, this properties are considered in the standalone.xml JBoss file

    Important: In this file many properties have as value  "YOUR_CREDENTIALS",  it means that for each API you need to create  your own API credentials,  you must create them in the API website. For instance,  if you want to use the video API you need create your youtube API credential.

 - allinyourhands-data-1.0.jar: this library contains all entities used by All in Your Hands (Songs, Videos, Books, ..). This file must be installed as jboss module ( /jboss/modules/common/json/main ) directory

 - json.jar:  this library is used for read/parse the json returned by the APIs. This file must be installed as jboss module ( /jboss/modules/allinyourhands/data/main ) directory
    maven dependency:  http://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.json/json/20090211

 - xstream-1.4.5.jar: this library is used for convert xmls generated by the core module into the instances and convert instances
   for xml format. This file must be installed as jboss module (jboss/modules/allinyourhands/xstream/main) directory.
   maven dependency:  http://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream/1.4.5

- mysql-connector-java-5.1.27-bin.jar: this library is necessary for the admin and report modules 
  maven dependency:  http://mvnrepository.com/artifact/mysql/mysql-connector-java/5.1.27



 There are some additional configurations which can be activated creating the following folder structure in the root of servers (VPS server linux):
 
  forbiddenterms/forbiddentermsfile.txt  :   the file "forbiddentermsfile.txt" must contain forbidden words separated by comma (",") character.  The main idea is that the recommended contents will be filtered with the list of words contained into this file (if a content have a title that contain one of this words, this content will be disconsidered ).
  
  suggestedcontentscache/ :  this folder can be created in both servers. Will be created two files inside that (suggestedCacheFile.xml and  suggestedContentsTempFile.txt ).  The file suggestedContentsTempFile.txt  will contain a file with all contents that is accessed by users in the app or website,  and the file suggestedCacheFile.xml will be generated after the filters of words contained into the forbiddentermsfile.txt file.  
  Important:  the file "suggestedCacheFile.xml" is the recommended contents file cache of the system, it means that the site and app consider the contents saved into this file for show as recommended contents.
  
  


   

 The version of JBoss I used was JBoss AS 6.0.0.Final.


 
 *** FOR COMPLETE INFORMATION ABOUT THE SYSTEM AND FOR SEE IT RUNNING, PLEASE ACCESS THE "allinyourhands-core" MODULE URL:
https://github.com/rbertani/allinyourhands-core
